# Channels
- Customer engagement through Spade is instigated through online contact. As such, it makes natural sense to use online advertisements to acquire initial customers. We will initially do this through advertising services such as YouTube. We believe a large part of our customer audience would be college students and likely YouTube users. According to our online statistics, over 80% of users in the United States use YouTube, and the largest unique visitors are between the ages of 25 and 34. YouTube also has the added benefit of automatically tailoring their ads through ad personalization. We will provide customer support through a hired calling service which users can learn about through an online phone-number. We will also have a live chat after seven years of economic prosperity.
- We have decided to reach the most amount of customers that we are marketing to by utilizing social media sites like Instagram and Facebook. Not only will these sites allow us to communicate updates and events but also raise awareness of our brand and service. Through social media customers will also be able to see deals that will direct them to our service. We will provide links to popular products with good deals to incentivise usage of the service and promote loyalty. As mentioned previously, customers can evaluate all of our purchasing options online. The more a certain product is purchased, the cheaper its price becomes based on our bulk purchasing model. The most successful products, or the products which are popular among a set of consumers, will be directly advertised through social media to individuals. This could be achieved through an automated programming service.
